[children chattering]
[bell tolling]
[opening theme song playing]
[children] Ponoc Short Films Theatre!
[machinery whirring]
-[water running]
-[birds chirping]
[wings fluttering]
[grunts]
Kanino.
Hmm.
-Tata!
-[both giggle]
-Kanini!
-[laughing]
Tata! Tata!
Kanino.
[gasps, laughs]
[cheering]
[gasps, sighs]
-Hmm?
-Tata?
Kaka! [gasps softly]
[children laughing]
[groaning]
[laughing]
Oh. [chuckles softly]
[giggles]
[gasps]
Kaka.
Kaka!
[thunder rumbling]
[snoring]
Kanini.
[chuckles softly]
Kanino?
[thunder rumbling]
[gasps]
[groaning]
[man shouting]
Kanino!
Tata! Nini!
Nino!
[both grunting]
Tata.
-Nino!
-Nini.
-[water rushing]
-Hmm?
[shouting]
[both shouting] Tata!
[sobbing]
Huh?
Hmm.
[sobbing]
Kanino.
Tata.
-Kanino?
-[grunts]
-Kanino.
[continues sobbing]
Tata.
Kaka.
[Kanini crying]
[squeaking]
-Huh.
-Huh?
[gasps softly] Nini?
[distant rumbling]
[gasping, panting]
[breathing heavily]
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
[thunder rumbling in distance]
[both groaning]
[Kanini] Tata.
-[gasps]
Kanino.
Nini!
Kani... [gasps]
-Tata?
-[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Huh?
Tata.
Tata!
[grunting]
Kanini. Kanino.
-Tata!
[man shouting]
[both gasp]
[whimpering softly]
Kanini. Kanino.
Kani...
[grunts]
Kanini.
Kanino!
[panting]
[grunts]
[water splashes]
[all grunt]
[gasping softly]
[all sigh in relief]
[woman shouting] Kanini! Kanino!
Kaka!
-[laughing]
-Kanino.
[babies crying]
Shh...
[sighing] Oh...
[crying]
[laughing softly] Huh?
Hmm.
Kaka.
Kanini.
Oh.
[woman gasps]
Kanini.
Ka... na ni ka.
[exclaims]
[chuckles softly]
[sighs]
[crying]
[instrumental music playing]
[shouting]
[machinery whirring]
[machinery slows and stops]
[machine parts articulating]
[machinery whirring]
[child giggles]
[woman] Good morning. Glad you're here.
We should be getting started
any minute now.
[child] Ow.
And how are you doing today?
I'm not supposed to eat nuts.
[nurse] That's right. Everyone
is different. Nuts, flour, shrimp...
[boy] Mom, can I just wait here?
[woman] Sure. It'll be our turn soon.
What about you?
What makes you feel bad when you eat it?
Eggs.
Well, I can't have milk. [groans]
They're gonna make us eat
and I don't want to.
All right. It's ten o'clock, everyone.
-[child muttering]
-Time to start the tolerance test.
Now, these pancakes you're going to eat
have something in them
that you may not like.
But this is just a little test
to show us how much each of you can eat.
I don't like this part.
-Ugh! No. No way!
-Come on, honey.
You know why we came here, right?
To eat. We told you that.
[nurse] Hello there.
Let's try and eat a lot today, all right?
[girl] If I can eat it,
does that mean I'm okay?
[nurse] Maybe. We'll see how it goes.
I hate throwing up. I don't wanna eat.
We won't know if you don't eat.
But I threw up the last time.
[nurse] So, today,
you're not even gonna try?
[boy groans]
I think I can eat even more.
So, maybe at school, I can finally eat
the school lunches with everyone.
[boy groaning]
Shun? What is it? Your stomach hurts?
Excuse me, doctor.
[doctor] He'll be fine. Don't worry.
[theme music playing]
[Shun] Mom! Mom! Mom!
Shun?
What's wrong?
[gasps]
[speaking indistinctly]
[coughing]
None here.
No, Mom, it's not that. I lost a tooth.
Oh, really? [sighs]
You really had me scared for a minute.
Is everything all right?
[Mom] Yeah. He lost a tooth.
[Dad] Oh, I see. Well, I'm off to work.
[Mom] Have a good day.
Uh... What do I do with it?
You throw upper teeth under the house
and bottom teeth up on the roof.
Ah...
-[Mom] You take your medicine?
-[Shun] Yup.
[Mom] Today I'll talk with your teacher
about your nature field trip
and see what we need to do
because you are definitely going.
-[Shun] Mmm...
-Definitely.
Well, good morning, Shun.
Oh, good morning.
Shun.
I don't have to go.
[baby crying]
That's right. Trouble breathing. Yes.
And he threw up.
Well, our regular GP told us
that if it ever gets like this,
we should take him to the emergency room.
[breathing heavily]
It could be anaphylaxis.
Uh... anaphylaxis?
Get him to Pediatrics.
Once he's recovered,
have them run a full allergy panel.
Right.
[doctor] Your son has a food allergy.
You'll have to keep him away from eggs.
Don't give him eggs?
And avoid any baby food or snacks
or any processed foods with eggs in them.
[nurse] You can consult
with the nutritionist, too.
[doctor] If he does eat something
he shouldn't
and he has an anaphylactic reaction,
keep him still, don't move him.
Be alert for labored breathing
or any abnormal coughing.
His life will be at risk.
So, don't hesitate to give the injection
and call an ambulance.
[sirens wailing]
[gasps]
[panting]
[chattering]
-Shun.
Shun.
-Shun. Shun?
Oh. Oh, honey.
-[boy] Hey. Come sit next to me.
-We're all done serving.
-Wanna see it?
-Yeah.
-Time to eat.
-So cool.
Come on, Shun. It's okay.
You can come inside now.
Shun, your lunchbox lunch
always looks just like the school lunch.
Your mother makes your lunch, doesn't she?
-She's good.
-Yeah.
Hey, I want a lunchbox, too.
-We could always eat what we like.
-Yeah.
Don't get so close.
-You'll spit on his lunch.
-Huh? We didn't even eat.
-Don't. Just stop it.
-Shields up.
-Okay. Get on back to your seat.
-Go on. Get out of here.
You're the worst.
Okay, let's eat, everyone.
[all] Let's eat.
[pop music playing over speakers]
[groaning]
[sighs] It's hopeless.
You just gotta try
and get your body closer to the bar.
[straining]
I hate the sports test.
[sighs] I'm looking forward
to the field trip, though.
You're gonna be coming on the field trip
with us, aren't you?
Well, I haven't decided.
'Cause we stay overnight?
Come on, you gotta go.
Yeah.
[girl] Everyone will be extra careful.
The teacher, too. And you, too, Shun.
You can get special meals.
It will be fine.
He said, "No need to pack special meals.
He can eat at home, go back and forth."
Not even stay over. Can you believe that?
Give me a break.
What kind of field trip is that?
[thunder crashing]
-Wow.
-Not gonna rain, huh?
That gets my goat.
-It's just a squall.
-Well, even so.
Why bother making a forecast?
Let's just take a break until it stops.
[thunder crashing]
You're not hungry?
Mm...
[Mom] Hmm, this isn't going to work.
We'll just have drinks, then.
Oh, yeah, your teacher gave me this.
Not this. Wait. Where is it?
[Shun] A dance festival? Can I go see it?
[Mom] Oh, I'm not sure I'll even be in it.
Anyway, not that, this.
This. What is this?
Uh... arithmetic.
[Mom] This.
Okay, I get it. I know that you hate eggs.
[sighs] But why didn't you
at least answer the question...
like you did the bananas and the apples?
You know the answers, don't you?
Hmm?
'Course I know. But it really sucks.
So, that's why I didn't answer it.
[gasps]
[laughs]
Oh, I see. So, it sucks, does it?
Since when do you talk like that?
You say that around other people?
Big deal.
Come on, this is Tokyo, you know?
Don't you start saying "you know."
That's even worse. Is that understood?
[grunting]
[woman] Time. Shuttle run's next.
-Whoa, yeah.
-Whew! Yeah!
[cheering]
-Don't give up!
-Run.
-Run, run, run.
-Yeah, come on, come on.
You can do it.
-Come on, come on, come on.
-Come on.
-Yeah, come on.
-Right there.
-Run, run, run.
-Run.
-Go, go, go.
-Go!
-Run, Shun, run!
-Do it.
-Yeah!
-Got it.
Yeah! Run!
Run, run, run!
Run, run, run.
[groaning]
[laughs] Yay!
[panting]
[man] Seventy-seven, a new class record.
I did it. I did it.
I did a reverse pullover.
Yay!
[both laughing]
[man on TV] Bottom of the eighth,
two outs, runners on first and third.
Here's the windup and the pitch.
Struck him out with a curve ball.
That's ten straight.
[shouting]
-Pitcher was really on fire.
-Okay, let's go.
-We head into the ninth...
-You said you wanted to see it, right?
[TV turns off]
This is our last rehearsal,
so you stay quiet, okay?
'Cause this very serious.
Everyone's hoping to move on from here
to the big leagues.
Their majors debut.
[hip-hop music playing over speakers]
[gasps]
Shun, what are you doing?
Why would you do that?
You could have died.
[Shun sobbing]
Forgive me, Shun.
-Good game.
-See you tomorrow. Bye.
-See you later.
[gasps]
[AC beeps]
[whirring]
Hmm?
[grunting]
Huh? [grunts]
[groaning softly]
Mom, the ice cream's got eggs in it.
[Mom] Wait. Our ice cream?
Yeah. The one we always have.
-Okay. Your injection.
-Huh?
Your injection. Get your injection.
Got it, Shun?
I'm gonna call the rice shop
and have them come right over.
Sit quietly. Don't move. Just wait.
Shun? Shun!
[panting and grunting]
[grunts, panting]
[coughing]
[crying]
You could have died.
I... I ain't gonna d... die.
[woman gasps] Shun.
[Shun coughs]
[Shun wheezing]
Shun, it's okay. You did it, honey.
Good boy.
You're gonna be just fine.
-Mom?
-Yeah?
-I want--
-What?
I... I wanna get better.
Mm...
I know. And you will.
I will.
-[gasps softly]
-Oh...
Shun...
where you lost that tooth,
-Huh?
-there's a new one coming in.
Uh... Oh. [mumbles indistinctly]
[Mom] A grown-up tooth? Great.
That tooth is definitely gonna eat an egg.
[theme music playing]
[chickens clucking]
[Shun huffing]
[machinery whirring]
[machinery slows and stops]
[machine parts articulating]
[machinery whirring]
[clock ticking]
[alarm beeping]
[man inhales]
[man exhales]
[toilet flushing]
[brushing teeth]
[spits]
[sighs]
[keys clacking]
[computer beeping]
[invisible man] What?
Welcome.
I'll get someone to assist you right away.
-Hey, Sato.
-Yes.
Welcome.
Are you interested in a new car?
Have a particular model in mind?
[books dropping]
Oh, dear.
[invisible man] Uh...
Ah, so that's where it went.
[grunting]
[grunts]
[children chattering]
[boy 1] You were supposed to catch it.
-[boy 2] It was a terrible throw.
-[invisible man] Uh-oh.
[children laughing]
[engine sputtering]
[sighs]
[doorbell chimes]
[grunts]
Thank you.
[ATM] Please enter your passcode.
Please enter your passcode.
What?
Wha...?
Ah.
Hello. So sorry to have kept you waiting.
[scanner beeps]
[scanner beeping]
Thank you.
[doorbell chimes]
[men chuckling]
Yeah, we all went out last night, too.
-[man 2] Did I pay last time?
-[man 1] Yeah, you did.
Wait. Excuse me.
Excuse me. You forgot this.
Oh, thank you.
[sighing]
[grunting in frustration]
[grunts]
[gasps, grunts]
[grunts softly]
[whimpering softly]
[wind gusting]
[panicked breaths]
-[wind gusting]
-[grunting]
[grunts]
Uh... uh...
[panicked grunting]
[seagulls calling]
[thunder rumbling]
[panting]
[gasps, breathing heavily]
-[thunder crashing]
-[yelping]
-[thunder crashing loudly]
-[whimpering]
[straining]
[shuddering]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[wind gusting]
[groaning]
[exclaims]
What?
[grunts softly]
[sighs]
[dog panting softly]
[man] What is it, Emily?
Even you're interested, huh?
That's not like you, girl.
[invisible man] Can you...?
[invisible man groans]
Never mind.
[slurps]
[man] Yes, I can see very clearly.
[invisible man's stomach growls]
If you don't mind, might I ask
what's brought you here?
Are you just going to stay, or are you...?
[swallows]
[gasps softly]
[heart rate accelerating]
[grunting]
[engine sputtering]
-[engine starts]
-[gasping]
[panting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
[breathing shakily]
[grunting]
-[sighs]
-[baby crying softly]
[sighs]
[whimpers]
[baby sobbing]
[invisible man] Peekaboo.
Peekaboo.
[laughing]
[theme music playing]
[children chattering, laughing]
[bell ringing]
[closing theme song playing]